Welcome to s..
Number three in this section we'll be diving right into no J Yes.
And we'll start to create our first of four applications.
That first app is the note taking app.
Now in this section in particular the focus is going to be on one of the most fundamental features of
node which is the node module system.
This is what allows us to load functionality into our app and use it to do interesting things.
So as an example if you want to go ahead and read or write from the file system if you want to connect
to a database or start up a web server all of those are going to require you to use the node module
system.
Now we're going to learn how to use it in three different ways.
You'll learn how to load an core node modules.
These are modules that are included with your node installation.
You'll learn how to load in third party modules written by other developers and you'll learn how to
load in modules that you yourself have created.
I'm really excited to dive in and to start this first app.
So let's get to it.